# How I Escaped Google

In today's world we're expected to have many things.
A car, a house, a phone and so on.
Some of these are "requirements" to fit into society as a normal person.

Having a Google account is something that is often expected from us.
Many websites provide a special one-click login option for authenticating with your google account,
which is very convenient.
The Google product suite is quite impressive:
- An email address, which to many is the only email address they'll ever have and use
- 15GB of online storage in Google Drive
- A calendar
- A note app
- And everything syncs magically!

Being as *techy* as I am, there is no wonder I used to thrive in their ecosystem.

## So why would I ever want to leave Google?

While I was thoroughly enjoing the freedom that my Google account provided,
I started getting left with a sour taste.
I knew that they were using everything I did on their platform "to further get to know me"

[write a literary link]

- takeouts.google.com
- google play services
- no control and no alternatives

## Finding alternatives

While there is no comlete drop-in replacement for every service that Google provides,
they are by no means pioneers in any field except for android.



## Escaping their claws

After finally having decided to pull the trigger on deleting my account,
I searched up a guide on how to do it.
I followed the steps, locating the well-hidden delete button,
and I was presented with a carefully crafted screen of what I was about to lose.
The page asked my if I was sure I wanted to continue, and understood that I was about to lose most of my online life.
They even went as far as making a collage of some of my photos.

While their manipulative attempts at making me stay definitely worked,
I recognized that they did, and this only made me more certain.
I would not let their chains hold me back.
I pressed "Yes, delete my account".

## Further escaping big data

